K8s Sunsetting - Docs, Site & Blog Changes (#5183)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/self-host/_snippets/sunset-disclaimer.mdx

<blockquote>
<p>🌇 <b>Sunsetting Kubernetes Deployments</b></p>

<p>
This page covers our PostHog Kubernetes deployment, which we are currently in the <a href="/blog/sunsetting-helm-support-posthog">process of sunsetting</a>.
Existing customers will receive support until May 31, 2023 and we will continue to provide security updates for the next year.
</p>

<details>
<summary class="text-sm font-bold">For existing customers</summary>
<div>We highly recommend migrating to PostHog Cloud (US or EU). Take a look at <a href="/docs/migrate/migrate-to-cloud">this guide</a> for more information on the migration process.</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary class="text-sm font-bold">Looking to continue self-hosting?</summary>

> <div>For low volumes we still provide active support for our Open-source Docker Compose deployment. Instructions for deploying can be found <a href="/docs/self-host/open-source/deployment">here</a>.</div>

Reviewer: Not sure "active support" is the right phrase here. I guess the point is we support hosting it and will fix issues, but we're not going to help people debug their setup.

Author: ```suggestion
<div>We still support our Open-source Docker Compose deployment for use at low volumes. Instructions for deploying can be found <a href="/docs/self-host/open-source/deployment">here</a>.</div>
```

Thoughts @pjhul ?

Reviewer 2: Totally agree 👍
